Create CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md (#1)
w3ctag/.github: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

# Code of Conduct

> All documentation, code, communication and discussion in this repository are covered by the [W3C Code of Conduct](https://www.w3.org/policies/code-of-conduct//).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All documentation, code, communication and discussion in this repository are covered by the [W3C Code of Conduct](https://www.w3.org/policies/code-of-conduct/).
```

> All documentation, code, communication and discussion in this repository are covered by the [W3C Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct](https://www.w3.org/Consortium/cepc/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All documentation, code, communication and discussion in this repository are covered by the [W3C Code of Conduct](https://www.w3.org/policies/code-of-conduct//).
```

Reviewer: NB It's just "code of conduct" now and the canonical URL has changed to reflect this. The old URL redirects, but we should probably clean this up in the existing repos as well.
